
## Skua 1.2
### What's new?
- **Skua Manager Account Manager**; successfully implemented by @BrenoHenrike
- **About Skua** detailed content about skua and etc. 
- **Skua Installer & Auto Updates**; As based on the survey we successfully fixed the Skua Installer and also for auto update client on download new version. **Note that we are using installer anymore so maybe the old versions might give crashes because we will no longer package the product into zip file**. 

### Major Fixes:
- Default client files location was changed to Users/Documents directory.
- Default client update download path was changed and triggered to Users/Downloads directory.
- Skua Installer: App shortcuts, Directory path naming, and the version upgrader.
- New User Interface for get scripts:
   - script infos: name, description, scriptpath, and tags
   - tags as badge.
- Referring above, we migrated it to the json as data source that was automatically generated by the github actions just to remove the github api limit issues.
   - Client updates (data source)
   - Get Scripts (data source)
- Added some properties in Client settings:
   - Auto update advanced skill sets;
   - Check advanced skill sets updates;
- Modified some name of the properties in Client Settings:
   - Auto update scripts;
   - Check scripts updates;
- Fixed Client released updates for pre-releases.
- Fixed Advanced Skill Sets bugs.
- Fixed Skua plugin feature.
- Fixed Account Manager Bugs
- Fixed About Page crashes
- For client updates I included `msi` execution, and the zip extraction is still there and not changed.
- Modified Jump method with auto correction map padding.
- Optimized auto attack, and auto hunt function.
- Average optimized functions of clients by removed redundancies.
- Remove Github Authentication temporarily.
