readme.md, before:

# About Skua

Skua is the successor to RBot (originally made by "[rodit](https://github.com/rodit/RBot)"), now remade and rebranded by Breno_Henrike, with the help of Lord Exelot, and a handful of scripters. It is a Third Party Client made by the people mentioned above. It also has many "features" and quirks. Overall it will make this glorified flash game on steroids a piece of cake.

## How to use

[Usage Guide](./usage.md)

## Do we store information online?

The *only* things that get recorded are; the auto-generated number **(not your actual game user ID)** to identify you, the amount of scripts ran (stopped & started), and the start and stop timestamps. This can be completely opted out of when first running a script, or you can edit the text file ***“DataCollectionSettings”*** in your `Documents\Skua > DataCollectionSettings.txt`. If you make it look as shown below, it will send absolutely nothing 👍

```txt
UserID: null
genericDataConsent: false
scriptNameConsent: false
stopTimeConsent: false
```

## For Account Manager

Your **Account Info** will be stored only in your **local appdata** and never shown anywhere nor in a text file. We **DO NOT** store it online because we intended to make an account manager with **no database**.

## What do we use this data for?

To keep track of what bots are run, how often, how long, and just how popular some bots are.

## Some examples of the types of scripts Skua has

- **Story scripts** found in the `Story` folder.
- **Merge scripts** found in the `Other > MergeShops` folder.
- **Farming scripts** found in the `Farm` folder. These include but are not limited to Gold, Experience, Class Points, and Reputation.
- **Faction-specific** (nation/legion/etc) can be found in their respective folders.
- Specific tools such as **Butler** (a follow and kill [doesnt support quests]), "ChooseBestGear" (a script that will look at your inv, and equip the appropriate setting for the race type you select.), BuyOut ( will either buy **all/non-ac/ac** (will prompt due to ACs) from a specified shop)
- **Core Script Files** are not meant to be run.
- **0ScriptName.cs** are basically "Do everything required for this script.."
- If you wanted to have a new farming script that doesn't exist though please request them [here](https://forms.gle/casF8pCNsP2qMGZS6)

### [Skua Discord](https://discord.com/invite/CKKbk2zr3p) Join the community and get help with Skua

### For questions or help join the discord & go to the [#skua-help](https://discord.com/channels/1090693457586176013/1090741396970938399) channel



## Skua Developers

For us to make Skua better, skua developers need your support. You can support us by donating or sponsoring us by clicking the PayPal link below. Thank you for your support.

### Breno Henrike's PayPal [![Donate](https://img.shields.io/badge/Donate-PayPal-green.svg)](https://www.paypal.com/donate?hosted_button_id=QVQ4Q7XSH9VBY)

### Lord Exelot's PayPal [![Donate](https://img.shields.io/badge/Donate-PayPal-green.svg)](https://www.paypal.me/LordExelot)

## Cast

- **Breno Henrike** the artist of Skua.
- **Lord Exelot** the scripts manager and Skua Discord owner.
- **Tato** the script writer, is also the writer of this about content.
- **Skua Heroes** the script makers and helpers.
- **Boaters** are the ones who sail overnight using Skua and help the Skua team to improve, thanks to their feedback and suggestions **which is you**.

## How to build [ For Client Developers and Contributors ]

***Ignore this if you are not a developer***

#### Pre-requisites

- [Learn C#](<https://www.codecademy.com/learn/learn-c-sharp>)

- [Visual Studio](<https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/vs/>)

- [.net 6 SDK (x64)](<https://dotnet.microsoft.com/en-us/download/dotnet/thank-you/sdk-6.0.420-windows-x64-installer>)

- [WiX Toolset v3 for Building installer](<https://github.com/wixtoolset/wix3/releases/download/wix3141rtm/wix314.exe>)

- [WiX Visual Studio Extension also for building installer](<https://wixtoolset.org/docs/wix3/>)

#### Building


Building for production do a batch build using all of the (`x64`) and (`x86`) projects except for:

- Skua.App.WPF.Follower

- Skua.App.WPF.Sync

If you're building for just yourself you can batch build on `Any CPU`

Commit message:

Fix punctuation and grammar in readme.md
added donate button for myself

readme.md, after:

# About Skua

Skua is the successor to RBot (originally made by "[rodit](https://github.com/rodit/RBot)"), now remade and rebranded by Breno_Henrike, with the help of Lord Exelot, and a handful of scripters. It is a Third Party Client made by the people mentioned above. It also has many "features" and quirks. Overall, it will make this glorified flash game on steroids a piece of cake.

## How to use

[Usage Guide](./usage.md)

## Do we store information online?

The *only* things that get recorded are: the auto-generated number **(not your actual game user ID)** to identify you, the number of scripts run (stopped & started), and the start and stop timestamps. This can be completely opted out of when first running a script, or you can edit the text file ***“DataCollectionSettings”*** in your `Documents\Skua > DataCollectionSettings.txt`. If you make it look as shown below, it will send absolutely nothing 👍

```txt
UserID: null
genericDataConsent: false
scriptNameConsent: false
stopTimeConsent: false
```

## For Account Manager

Your **Account Info** will be stored only in your **local appdata** and never shown anywhere, nor in a text file. We **DO NOT** store it online because we intended to make an account manager with **no database**.

## What do we use this data for?

To keep track of what bots are run, how often, how long, and just how popular some bots are.

## Some examples of the types of scripts Skua has

- **Story scripts** found in the `Story` folder.
- **Merge scripts** found in the `Other > MergeShops` folder.
- **Farming scripts** found in the `Farm` folder. These include, but are not limited to, Gold, Experience, Class Points, and Reputation.
- **Faction-specific** (nation/legion/etc) can be found in their respective folders.
- Specific tools such as **Butler** (a follow and kill [doesn't support quests]), "ChooseBestGear" (a script that will look at your inv, and equip the appropriate setting for the race type you select.), BuyOut ( will either buy **all/non-ac/ac** (will prompt due to ACs) from a specified shop)
- **Core Script Files** are not meant to be run.
- **0ScriptName.cs** are basically "Do everything required for this script."
- If you wanted to have a new farming script that doesn't exist, though, please request it [here](https://forms.gle/casF8pCNsP2qMGZS6)

### [Skua Discord](https://discord.com/invite/CKKbk2zr3p) Join the community and get help with Skua

### For questions or help join the discord & go to the [#skua-help](https://discord.com/channels/1090693457586176013/1090741396970938399) channel



## Skua Developers

Skua developers need your support to improve Skua. You can donate or sponsor us by clicking the PayPal link below. Thank you for your support.

### purple/SharpTheNightmare: [![Donate](https://img.shields.io/badge/Donate-PayPal-green.svg)](https://www.paypal.com/ncp/payment/RHG8F84AUXFKY)

### Breno Henrike's PayPal [![Donate](https://img.shields.io/badge/Donate-PayPal-green.svg)](https://www.paypal.com/donate?hosted_button_id=QVQ4Q7XSH9VBY)

### Lord Exelot's PayPal [![Donate](https://img.shields.io/badge/Donate-PayPal-green.svg)](https://www.paypal.me/LordExelot)

## Cast

- **Breno Henrike**, the artist of Skua.
- **Lord Exelot**, the scripts manager and Skua Discord owner.
- **Tato** the script writer, is also the writer of this about content.
- **Skua Heroes*,* the script makers and helpers.
- **Boaters** are the ones who sail overnight using Skua and help the Skua team to improve, thanks to their feedback and suggestions **which is you**.

## How to build [ For Client Developers and Contributors ]

***Ignore this if you are not a developer***

#### Pre-requisites

- [Learn C#](<https://www.codecademy.com/learn/learn-c-sharp>)

- [Visual Studio](<https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/vs/>)

- [.net 6 SDK (x64)](<https://dotnet.microsoft.com/en-us/download/dotnet/thank-you/sdk-6.0.420-windows-x64-installer>)

- [WiX Toolset v3 for Building installer](<https://github.com/wixtoolset/wix3/releases/download/wix3141rtm/wix314.exe>)

- [WiX Visual Studio Extension also for building installer](<https://wixtoolset.org/docs/wix3/>)

#### Building


Building for production, do a batch build using all of the (`x64`) and (`x86`) projects except for:

- Skua.App.WPF.Follower

- Skua.App.WPF.Sync

If you're building for just yourself, you can batch build on `Any CPU`
